Resolves 2333 "Specify Puppet version requirement" (#2551)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_supported-puppet-versions-and-system-requirements.adoc

Before you begin with the Puppet integration, review the supported Puppet versions and system requirements.

Supported Puppet Versions::
{Project} supports Puppet 7.

> Ensure that your Puppet modules to configure managed hosts are compatible to Puppet 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the Puppet modules you use to configure managed hosts are compatible with Puppet 7.
```
Even simplify.

Reviewer 2: Just wondering if this is even better:
```suggestion
Ensure that the Puppet modules used to configure managed hosts are compatible with Puppet 7.
```

Author: Applied.
